correct interaction creation success response code (#5208)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/interactions/Application_Commands.md

> danger
> Creating a command with the same name as an existing command for your application will overwrite the old command.

> Create a new global command. Returns `201` if the command does not already exist, a `200` if it does, and an [application command](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_APPLICATION_COMMANDS/application-command-object) object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new global command. Returns `201` if a command with the same name does not already exist, or a `200` if it does (in which case the previous command will be overwritten). Both responses include an [application command](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_APPLICATION_COMMANDS/application-command-object) object.
```

Reviewer: just clarifies it a bit i think. feel free to modify the wording a bit if you want.

> danger
> Creating a command with the same name as an existing command for your application will overwrite the old command.

> Create a new guild command. New guild commands will be available in the guild immediately. Returns `201` if the command does not already exist, a `200` if it does, and an [application command](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_APPLICATION_COMMANDS/application-command-object) object. If the command did not already exist, it will count toward daily application command create limits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new guild command. New guild commands will be available in the guild immediately. Returns `201` if a command with the same name does not already exist, or a `200` if it does (in which case the previous command will be overwritten). Both responses include an [application command](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_APPLICATION_COMMANDS/application-command-object) object.
```
